# homework_8
Part 1:
The purpose of this website is to showcase some of the projects I have done during the years in CMU, including projects from my product design curriculum, projects from my HCI curriculum, and some doodles I did these years. I guess the information I conveyed within my website is that I am a playful person, I am neat with presenting my projects, and I am lazy in some way (for I did not finish all of the sites that I thought I could complete I am sorry). I guess my website is interesting and engaging since my color scheme is playful, the font is playful, and I used animation on the homepage to attract viewers. And I also tried to make most of the effective interactions interactive to show people that it is interactable. The target audience might be peers first, then potential work sponsors (after I finish all my websites and my projects!). 

Part 2:
- My name animation at the home page
    - Refresh the home page
- Name, description, and icon on home page scroll away at different speeds
    - Scroll up and down on home page
- All the buttons across all pages
    - Hover on the button
- New window for resume on home page
    - Press down the button for resume
- On “detail” page, big gradient squares with text sliding away when hovered on the squares, revealing the image below (here I used placeholder images because of time constraint)
    - Hover on the squares
- On “detail” and “process” pages, “back to top” icon and text change opacity when hovered, and when clicked the interaction would send people back to the top of the page.
    - hover/click on “back to top”  
- “Also checkout” section, the two images zoom in if hovered over, if I am able to build those websites, they should also link to the two other project websites. 
    - Hover on the images (for now)
- Side Navigation bar on the “process” page can be hovered and be clicked to anchor to different parts of the website. The navigation is able to scroll to that section of the website. 
    - hover/click on the side navigation bar.

Part 3:
1. Bootstrap: for default layout changes so it is a little bit more responsive. 
2. Jquery: for the scrolling effect on the home page. Thought this is interesting to have and made the website more interactive and attractive. 
3. Import SVG generated by Figma: so that the name animation on the home page is possible. Used this because I think it is fun to have and attractive. 

Part 4:
I did change things from my HW7. First is the color theme. At first I was planning for a very basic black and white website, it looked good on figma, but felt very plain when implemented into the webpage. So I thought it is a good idea to rethink the color theme. I changed the “showcase” section on the “detail” page because I think that implementing a 3D model into the webpage might be a bit too hard so I changed direction.

Part 5:
Challenges are the hover effects of a gallery with text and overlay animations. I relied very much on tutorials on YouTube. It is also hard to change the background of the webpage I guess… Since I did it wrong in the beginning where I put background color under *{ } in css and everything started to have a purple background. It was towards the middle of my coding I realized that using html body { } in css is the way to go but I already had been patching all my background bugs all the way here so I thought I just want to continue with that…. And yeah it was not fun to add a “transparent” class to everything I created. And I guess that was the challenge lol. Another challenge is the animation using SVG for I had to export the SVG from figma and it was a disaster. 
